Image refresh part 7 (#7752)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/teradata-qs.md

4. In the **Type** section, select **Teradata**.
5. Enter your Teradata settings and click **Save**.

  <Lightbox src="/img/teradata/dbt_cloud_teradata_setup_connection_start.png" title="dbt - Choose Teradata Connection" />
  
  <Lightbox src="/img/teradata/dbt_cloud_teradata_account_settings.png" title="dbt - Teradata Account Settings" />

6. Set up your personal development credentials by going to **Your profile** > **Credentials**.
7. Select your project that uses the Teradata connection. 
8. Click the **configure your development environment and add a connection** link. This directs you to a page where you can enter your personal development credentials.
9. Enter your **Development credentials** for Teradata with:
   * **Username** &mdash; The username of Teradata database.
   * **Password** &mdash; The password of Teradata database.
   * **Schema** &mdash; The default database to use.
  
   <Lightbox src="/img/teradata/dbt_cloud_teradata_development_credentials.png" title="dbt - Teradata Development Credentials" />

10. Click **Test Connection** to verify that <Constant name="cloud" /> can access your Teradata Vantage instance.

> 11. If the test succeeded, you can set up a repository. If it failed, you may need to check your Teradata settings and credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. If the test succeeded, click **Save** to complete the configuration. If it failed, you may need to check your Teradata settings and credentials.
```
